[Tables] Add tests with all credential types in cosmos and storage tables (#31297)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/tables/azure-data-tables/README.md

```

##### Creating the client from a connection string

> Depending on your use case and authorization method, you may prefer to initialize a client instance with a connection string instead of providing the account URL and credential separately. To do this, pass the connection string to the client's `from_connection_string` class method. You can pass either "EndpointSuffix=" or "TableEndpoint=" to connection string to specify which type of resource it will interacting with. Default will target to Tables Storage endpoint. 

Reviewer: I think we can re-phrase this a bit:
```suggestion
Depending on your use case and authorization method, you may prefer to initialize a client instance with a connection string instead of providing the account URL and credential separately. To do this, pass the connection string to the client's `from_connection_string` class method. If the connection string does not specify a fully qualified endpoint URL (`"TableEndpoint"`), or URL suffix (`"EndpointSuffix"`), the endpoint will be assumed to be an Azure Storage account, and the URL automatically formatted accordingly. 
```

service = TableServiceClient.from_connection_string(conn_str=connection_string)
```

```python
from azure.data.tables import TableServiceClient
connection_string = "DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=<my_account_name>;AccountKey=<my_account_key>;TableEndpoint=https://<my_account_name>.table.cosmos.azure.com"
service = TableServiceClient.from_connection_string(conn_str=connection_string)
```

For Tables Cosmos, the connection string can be found in your cosmos account in the [Azure Portal][azure_portal_account_url] under the "Connection Strings" section or with the following Azure CLI command:

```bash
az cosmosdb list-connection-strings -g MyResourceGroup -n MyCosmosAccount
```

```python
from azure.data.tables import TableServiceClient
connection_string = "DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=<my_account_name>;AccountKey=<my_account_key>;EndpointSuffix=cosmos.azure.com"
service = TableServiceClient.from_connection_string(conn_str=connection_string)
```

```python
from azure.data.tables import TableServiceClient

> connection_string = "DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=<my_account_name>;AccountKey=<my_account_key>;TableEndpoint=https://<my_account_name>.table.cosmos.azure.com"

Reviewer: I don't think we need 3 different examples of a Cosmos connection string - I think just the first one is fine.

Author: Updated, just have one example now.
